GUI Weekend Assignments:

Danny
	Auction Company List
	Auction Bid Screen

Jeffrey
	Intro
	Lobby
	AWS Research

Alan
	Time Lapse (Animation?)
	Chat Box
	Top Banner (Check mine or Jeffrey's mocks)

Aaron
	Host Game
	Login
	User Info

Tim
	Quarterly
	Trade

Here's some notes:

THIS IS DUE SUNDAY NIGHT. WE'RE TRYING TO START WORKING ON BACKEND AND SERVER MONDAY.

Make all the GUI's just shell with COMMENTS, WE NEED COMMENTS. Just allocate the action
listeners and we'll do the functonalities when we write the backend.

We're making all the GUI's as JPanels so we don't have to have unnecessary windows pop up.
It'll most likely be a border layout with the banner at the North and the ChatBox at the south
and we'll be swapping panels for the center.

Except the Host Game and User Info should be JFrames (Aaron)

Look at the mocks for guidance, but make sure to cater it towards Jeffrey and my theme/style
I'll include the color RGB values at the bottom of the file.

1280x720 is the screen size, title banner 72 height, chat 144 height

We're using the appearanceConstants and appearanceSettings from the jeopardy solution code
A lot of it's really useful and it allows for me to make design changes quickly when
I get a more conrete design. For now we can use Sans Serif Font. Don't add anything into
The Appearance Settings(If you have a function, you can keep it in your GUI and we can
do a merge by hand once everyone submits their GUIs). I'll push the files up tonight.

Lets not push any eclipse projects into the repo yet. I'm thinking we do a by the hand
merge of all the GUIs into one eclipse project on Monday. Then we can all pull that
and have branches for each person. so for now, just push your .java GUI files when you're done.

ALWAYS PULL BEFORE YOU PUSH.

Jeffrey's looking into setting AWS or doing some research on it this weekend so we can set up
to work on backend stuff during next week.

Here's the color values:

Use Serif/Default Font for now, I'll figure out how to install and update all the fonts.

offWhite:
	R: 221
	G: 221
	B: 221

LighterBlue:
	R: 49
	G: 71
	B: 112

DarkerBlue:
	R: 49
	G: 59
	B: 71